Split `AnnotatedQueue` from `QueuingContext` (#2794)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  DeviceArray([-0.78849435, -0.8287073 , -0.85608006], dtype=float32)
  ```

* `AnnotatedQueue` no longer inherits from `QueuingContext`. `QueuingContext` is now purely

>   class methods for commuticating with the currently active recording queue. 

Author: ```suggestion
  class methods for communicating with the currently active recording queue. 
  [(#2794)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2794)
```
